Docs 1.0 refactor rs (#89)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/sparsify-a-model/custom-integrations.mdx

# Creating a Custom Integration for Sparsifying Models

> In this page, we will explain how to apply a recipe to a custom model. For more details on the concepts of pruning/quantization 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how to apply a recipe to a custom model. For more details on the concepts of pruning/quantization 
```
